Notes about some tech design choices i made:
- todo: Sheep and cattle (and fish types of animals too i don't know did not check, ?)
were already understood as meat (i think) so reveal them at game start, but horse
has a strategic value to build units in this game, so Mounted riding (or whichever
name i chose for this tech i mean) reveals horse now, not animal husbandry (more
accurate maybe this way and more incentive to search mounted riding especially)
Maybe this gives more room for the AI, and is maybe more realistic too, also as
all players are affected by this, maybe this is "fair" i mean maybe.
- Fishing was done without workboat initially, but currently workers don't have
the function to move to water, so for now workboats to sailing (also not sure
AI will be able to handle it).
Maybe a way to adress this is, for early foods (fish, crab, and clam), fishing increases
food by +1 for these without doing anything (but for whales need a work boat entirely),
and then a work boat gives the missing +1 (or more?) food, +maybe some commerce for
extra incentive. Also coast tiles are weaker so i would like to buff them if possible,
so maybe would give more than +1 food, and people trading these food ressources is
realistic too i think.
- todo: Also to buff water tiles maybe work boats would not require food to be stopped
anymore? (and reduce hammer price too?)
- Todo: increase spawn rate of sea food, especially coastal? Or maybe only for some
ressources? Etc, or is too much maybe?
- About that point, moved most early regional trading abilities in the specific tech
(that is just alphabet renamed/repurposed i mean, as it was doublon of writing and
not necessarily accurate (i don't know didn't check) or useful since i have most (all?)
techs i need in the early game)
- Is more realistic to hide some strategic ressources (too) until they are understood
as such, so for example wine, stone, gold, silver, among others are now hidden
todo: add sheep? But would that make game too painful? But maybe more realistic this
way?

- todo: workers with strength if AI can handle it?
- todo: Renamed "Galley" to "sailboat" or use another model somewhere else?
- Stone mines existed much before masonry, so moved the quarry there
- Culture building started very early in human civilization if i am not mistaken,
i put mysticism as the starting point now, maybe helps to diversify strategies too?
- Monuments around 50 000 BCE were technically masonry i think, but the more modern
form of masonry started around 10 000 BCE so putting it there rather (maybe earlier
monuments could be more considered as combining stones? But i don't know much about
this (yet?) so is just a tentative explanation/gap-filler i mean)
- todo: Agriculture makes more sense if people have cottages (but is it houses/shelters?
That they would have built (??) in earlier times but were still nomadic, so it was 
(i don't know but i theorize i mean(?)) more convenient to start agriculture when there
were houses near to settle in?)
- todo: rename cottage to shelter or house?
Then=and do in total: Shelter/CottageS/Hamlet/Village? But maybe this is uneeded and
needlessly complicates so may leave as is?
- No settlers are possible to build until Agriculture is discovered (about the time)
where players are sedentary, but for convenience of gameplay all players start with
a settler so they can choose their settling spot

- Wine was consumed much sooner than at monarchy, during agriculture a bit later
(from the little i looked 13 000 BCE alcoholic brewages were already consumed),
most likely (i think) was way sooner than that, so revealing wine at game start but
put the winery at agriculture as it's at about same time, and i don't see a better
tech choice.
As for wine reveal i chose pottery, maybe it's early enough and they had now cups
to consume it?

- Granaries did not necessarily require stones (some oldest ones were in wood), but
at about same time than masonry so more convenient to put them there. Also they
appeared a bit later than pottery unless i'm mistaken so maybe fits more at masonry
tech for a time concordance perspective i mean maybe.
- Slavery appeared around agriculture time if not sooner, more accurate to put it
there, maybe helps diversify gameplay too?

- The Wheel was not necessary for the road building (see south america), but these
2 (the wheel and road building) appeared at around same time so convenient to group
them there with no seemingly better tech choice.
- No reason why bronze tools can't cut jungle if they can cut forest, also some
societes (american continent maybe(?) for example) prospered really early in jungle lands
so option should be there
- First metal to be cast was gold not copper, bronze working came later
- Currency was done with gold before silver and copper were (broadly?) available
- Writing did not require paper necessarily (see cuneiform writing, stone tablets for
example)
- Papyrus was not made of wood but of fibers of a plant if i am not mistaken
- There are many epics written, so keeping the name generic so that it can be a small
wonder maybe (that all players can build)

- I think it's interesting maybe (at least i want) to add the mythology/paganism
religions (egyptian/greek/roman/etc mythologies, strangely forgotten(?) or missing in civ4,
hence in advciv too that is conservative generally about such changes (which helps
me mod this more easily which i am thankful for)). To do that i removed confucianism.
I think there are a bit too many religions mid game and not enough earlier, i would
want some religion tensions/fights/strategic possibilities, not just one religion
leading to the next, and ideally not a religious tech leading to the next (else someone
would take all religions), ideally if it can be historically accurate or immersive
or enjoyable i would try to do it in a way that avoids that maybe and is hopefully
interesting at least to me maybe.
- moved pacifism from philosophy to meditation, maybe more realistic or immersive
this way? Or i could find some other use for philosophy?
- Apostolic Palace appears historically way too late to be of use anymore (1500 AD +
approximately), so i used the earliest international treaty instead (Egyptian-Hittie
Treaty) to symbolize its function (sort of because only 2 leaders and not actively
planning other than peace but still is internation diplomacy) and replace
- organized religion allows to build missionaries (missionaries requires temple now
not monastery), i did not look but i thinkwhen a religion is founded and has a temple
it would quite naturally want to spread, is also a way to buff religion early
or/and increase gameplay depth/immersion/enjoyment maybe
- todo: find some other use for the monastery now, most likely
removing science bonus for something else (gold?), not sure how
science and religion are connected, in fact should be the opposite, since in civ4 gold
is science would amount to the same in the end maybe, but at least the difference is
there, may or not tweak it more but would be something like this at least for
now maybe
- monasteries are now named into another type of building (but
still same asset, with each a specific function. Not all
religions have monasteries, perhaps this also helps add more
diversity to religions in the game and hopefully more enjoyable
too maybe). These buildings are reworked with all previous removed (including the +10%
science that seems totally unrelated to me (in fact more often than not religions would
reduce science, but i'm trying to not add negative bonuses to keep the experience
simple and enjoyable maybe, and also not penalize the AI that may not handle them too
well maybe. This is what i did/intend to do, can be built in each city. Cost may vary too?
(This may give ideas too: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altar)
todo: All altars give +1 happy (maybe it makes it more worthwhile the quite high cost (?)
they would have, but not sure if i want these to be that expansive, may want to speed up
the game a bit instead? But want it to be gradual too so will need need to test i mean)
Additionally
    - Hindu monastery: +2 free priests in city (never obsolete)
    - Pagan altar: slavery -100% anger in ancient eras, obsolete at scientific method
    (a bit too soon for neopaganism but maybe fine, also maybe is a balance change by
    not overbuffing slavery later in the game which may also be a bit unrealistic)?
    - Jewish altar: slavery sacrifice cost -50% (obsolete at scientific method, maybe
    we understand now they are living creatures so the illusion of the free sacrifice
    is off?)
    - Buddhist monastery: +2 free merchants in city (never obsolete)
    - 
    - 

- corporations reworked:
todo: but if doing it with cathedrals instead, reduce temple limit to 1?
Cathedrals are much better to prevent snowballing, they are a good incentive
to build temples first too, would need to test, but having the new religion
icon of corporations would be nice
    - Hindu modern day: Hammer +50% (in city) (since they don't need to worship as much
    at least in public, their productivity increases maybe?, requires hinduism,
    requires scientific method, requires hindu monastery (for same reasons to
    make it worth more to stick to their religion despite diplomacy cost if rival
    has another one))
    - Neopagan altar: something about peace? Culture + 100% (in city), (requires paganism
    religion, requires scientific method tech; also requires pagan altar building
    (maybe would make it more worthwhile to stick to their religion even if
    diplomatic costs, may help AIs who stay too long in their religion too?)?)
    - Neo Buddhist movements: Science +50% (in city) (they are more sceptic and
    reject previous buddhist teachings from the little i've read quite quick i
    mean)
    - Zionism: new military units free promotions City Raider 1 + 2 + 3,
    requires judaism, requires nationalism, requires jewish altar

    - Jihad: new military units free promotions Flanking 1 + 2 + free promotion Ambush,
    requires islam, requires nationalism, requires todo: first islamic
    type of altar building

todo: modify it so all(?, or most?) units can use Ambush promotion, and maybe all
units use all promotions?
todo: remove corporation "missionaries"? Is too cumbersome
, todo rework aztec special building

- civil service actually started around 100 BC in imperial China if i am not mistaken
(see xiolian bureaucracy, even though it was not meritocratic they were still civil
officers), in fact even before that around 400 BC during the warring states if i am not
mistaken from (the little) i've read i mean.
- monarchies existed already from the time of Narmer (pharaoh of ancient egypt) and
enmebaragasi (sumerian king of kish) from the little i've read (and recopied i mean),
maybe monarchies existed before that even though i did not check nor do i know about
this information i mean.
- Also about that, considering the pharaoh was believed (by the egyptians i mean
in the ancient egyptian religion from the little i've saw/read about this and my
intuition and knowledge about this too (a bit) i mean) to have the divine power 
of kingship incarnated in him, it could also be said that divine right originated
at that time if not sooner, as a result i may simply remove the divine right tech
unless i find a specific purpose for it (trying to de-clutter i mean the early era
that already has many techs, and this is also sort of redundant too i think i
mean)

- about the education tech and universities, unlike what a quick googling yields,
some searches (also quick i mean) pointed to University of al-Qarawiyyin which was
founded around 850 AD, so much sooner than the other results that points to around
1100 AD (I try to look at history in all the world oldest, not just western or old
world i mean, as much as possible).
- todo: about the madrasa, change required techs, at least by adding the first islamic
tech (was divine right but i need to rename it now), makes up for the fact that the
building was op (i think) quite nicely, now should be fine

- macemen are completely off, not with civil service but much sooner, from what i've
read it seems around 1500 BC copper maces were used (against Ramses II for example),
earlier versions (in stone or marble) are said to not be so good from the little i've
read, so putting them around 1500 BC rather, it is also a nice middle ground between
axemen and swordsmen
- about swordsmen, if i am not mistaken, swordsmen used copper swords originally but
they were not so good, so i put swordsmen around the time of iron working (are said
to not be so good (due to bending? Or/and due to expensive costs?), so putting them
around 1500 BC rather)
todo: macemen can be built with copper and iron, but swordsmen only with iron then
to simplify? (else i would have to create many units for no major functionnal difference
so probably not best/a good idea nor efficient i mean)

- about guilds there were craftsmen/artisans guilds and merchant guilds, so i am
putting an or for tech requirement not requiring both metal casting and early regional
trading but only either of these techs to be able to research guilds. The first ones
seem to be around 2200 BC if i am not mistaken i mean.
About the workshop improvement with guilds, i read that when guilds started (at least
about when i read) they had a set of detailed instructions and standards to follow for
their productions, so maybe the civ4 makers were quite rightly nice to put the bonus
there (some things they did were great, other are really inaccurate (i don't know if
voluntarily or not, but i am trying to fix this ideally i mean at least in this mod))

- early regional trading seems to have happened as early as 15 000 BCE to 25 000 BCE,
maybe even sooner but i don't know (did not search extra much about this point i mean),
even though cities should still not have been settled (no agriculture yet) if i am not
mistaken, there were still trading networks set up/functionning from what i read if i
am not mistaken.

- about spying i could not find the precise information about when, it seems to have
existed at least in around 3000 BC. Since early regional trading was existing much
earlier, i had assume quite naturally people were able to spy on each other from that
time maybe. I am not sure but i think it is quite fine to put it here.