Additional info if not covered by the other notes docs i mean anyways:

This list may help: https://civilization.fandom.com/wiki/Civilizations_(Civ4)
Overall i want to reiterate that i want a simple and efficient design, not too
many techs especially not too late in the game where i think it's too bloated,
hopefully removing some would improve immersion, AI performance, player
enjoyment, and strategy to be deeper yet simple which i would enjoy in this
case i mean anyways?

- i intend to buff the snow terrain quite strongly, for that i would want
to add a few new civs.
- about snow, i have the idea to add christmas, that would give bonuses in snow
lands maybe i mean anyways.
- i would also want the civs to be more spread i mean as i may say in other
place(s) of this document or not i mean anyways

The ideas (of civs to add i mean anyways) i have or am considering so far are:

1) Canada:
2) 
3)Central Asia: some civ uses camels, there is also tundra not far so even beter i mean anyways
(maybe some building related to snow i mean anyways)?
4) Australia? But i want snow first if possible more interesting as more widespread though
i mean anyways
5) one desertic civ that could use camel or other special desert boosts (but there are many
desertic ones already)

Also, some civs have 3 leaders, while others have only 1, it's blatantly assymetrical enough
when looking at the map i sent (which makes me quite angry liek half+ of the world does not
exist i mean anywyas, but maybe i can fix or more modestly rather maybe improve that if not
too arrgoant of me to say if i may say i mean anyways)

I am considering or thinking about removing these leaders (especially those with 3 leaders
which i think is too much considering others have only 1 i mean anyways).
Especially annoying also because it would mean always playing against same civs everytime
statistically, i want some variety, not excess of people though, just variety regardelss,
with low number in this case i mean anyways.

1) England: one of the 3 leaders, i chose
2) France: one of the 3 leaders, i chose
3) unfinished

I want to change these civilizations:
1) Arbia: special unit is now the assassin (see below or ctrl+f if i may say i mean anyways)
2)


- i want to buff snow by giving a new ressource

Some desert ideas first i mean anyways:
- animals: https://www.earthreminder.com/animals-that-live-in-the-desert/
- plants: todo add
, but first idea to not forget: cotton and cotton plants, may help a lot eastern civs and/or
terrains.

For now i'm considering to add these ressources, would not want to clutter the mod, these are
(just) some ideas, i may also remove

1) sea whales (land)
2) Camel i think: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camel#History
3) scorpios: in particular for their venom, maybe an assasination tech too to make arabs op
or some other civs (Poison tech or thing related i mean)? Historically they were very strong
or relevant, i don't know much, but would increase immersion a lot too
Could be linked with espionnage maybe too? What if i changed the arab special unit to assassin
modified to be stronger in one way or another i mean anyways, and give camel archer to some other
civ?
See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scorpion#Relationship_with_humans
13) snake: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snake#Interactions_with_humans seems to have many
uses on top of poison, could use this most likely
14) caterpillar moth? For silk? What about cotton or other? Etc
6) explorer dog/wolf? (in particular may help snow players, even in war maybe?)
4) spiders? actually probably not, not strong enough or specific enough nor versatile enough
i mean anyways, based on: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spider#Human_interaction
5) snake? emblematic enough, can it be useful though except for venom?

7) giraffe?/antelope? (would buff plains too i mean anyways)
9) salt? would help hills terrain maybe? But is quite strong already?
10) chicken?
11) birds?
12) llama?

- camels are great in particular for plains and desert and similar,
may even buff such terrains as they are food ressource (could make it give it gold too
with guilds tech for example maybe i mean anyways or some other tech related to trading
maybe i mean anyways). Would make also more historical sense of why camel archers don't
require horse to be built, they would be the counter equivalent of horses in grassland
which are a bit too op (gives hammer and all mounted units), maybe add one more ressource?
Llama? Or something else?
- as they (camels) store water in their body if i'm not mistaken i mean anyways,
i'm thinking of making them very strong i mean anyways
- (revealed with animal husbandry? But understood as meat earlier
i think so maybe not needed, it would buff desert terrain too to do so i mean anyways)
- one thing i have against scorpios is they are a bit too widespread? So maybe a building
related thing rather for poison? It would at least make a stronger incentive,
something like barracks give this or that promotion maybe or something, also useful for
medicine? They are also a strong and quite symbolic part of the world even in the western
world if i may say i mean anyways, and not as dynamic as an eagle so it would make more
sense to make them as a ressource rather than a living animal i mean anyways. Also if you're
so hungry in the desert, you could eat anything, i am sure they must be very rich in food,
if you manage to capture them and don't die i mean anyways
+1 happy face as they can be pets too? The scorpio is overall very nice too because
it can give me a stronger reason to add a few other subrepresented civs, especially in
Africa and Antarctica type of lands i mean anyways. Simple design though so not too many
civs, to give some variety but not drown in too much civs i mean anyways, ideally i can
give each a specific identity personality yield or others, may base on an existing one
and tweak it maybe or do it full custom but less likely i mean anyways.
- the camel synergizes so wel

unrelated note: i want to make all players be able to control animals.
I don't know how feasable or if it would require other things than XML, but would be lot
of fun, with insisting on simple design, not too cluttered ressources or animals.

- could use birds as pigeon voyeur or ancestor of airship? But is bit far-fetched as
they can't speak to humans nor have cameras on them in ancient times i mean anyways?
- i want to add chicken or am considering it, but i would want one food ressource for desert
too which is my second big goal i mean anyways in this case
- i would need to think of what to do/how i can reuse the winery improvement (maybe
i could make a winery building in city rather to be more accurate, else may just remove
it as it's not core i think will see i mean anyways)
- i also want to buff desert. Will probably remove wine as it's historically inaccurate
as wine is not brewed only from grapes (also they did not even call it grapes but wine
as if it was on trees i mean anyways, so even more reason to change it.
I would not want to have too much units or content, ifi would not a lot more, so far there
are things that can be removed/changed maybe instead)
- i thought of spiders but not so good now i think i mean anyways, see above in bullet
point why i mean anyways. As a counter to the scorpio maybe? Or would that clutter too much? Sorry for
sensitive about this animal players i mean anyways, i am trying to make add meaningful
content if i may say i mean anyways. Maybe the snake then?

I am considering or thinking about removing these ressources currently:

1) Wine: It would become
3) Silk: it's a product of an insect, i may as well as the insect itself

I want to add these plant ressources:
1) Cotton plants
2) Coffee
3) Tea
8) flowers (for garden improvement (see below)?)
9) assassins: the plant/drugs(?) they use? Would need more research, etc
10) cocaine? (but i am not responsible for players is just a game i mean anyways,
if they enjoy all good, else i am not respinsible
11) papaver, discovered by medicine (much earlier than it is in civ4/base advciv
i mean anyways)?

I am considering changing these improvements:
1) Igloo
2) Well->(can be built near oasis? What would be tech requirment would need to look later,
if/when i want or ot to do, is in this case is also what i want to say i mean anyways
For water in desert and plains which conditions? rework the well so that it can be used much
earlier in the game in more tiles, maybe it can buff desert or plains in some conditions in
particular?
3) Winery->Garden? make it a "garden" improvement? What would be the requirement then? Make it
for cotton plant or something?
4) Winery->Garden too for cotton plants, or perhaps other plants to harvest
5) Plantation->Coffee+/-Tea
6) Garden/Plantation->Pavot (makes opium?)

- with more textile based things, i could throw in a tech too about clothing or something
maybe i mean anyways, with culture or military effects i mean anyways?
- i want snow terrain to reduce health (cold kills bacteria) -0.5 health per snow tile,
would make tundra cities viable maybe with high coast commerce (that i want to buff too,
currently the water tiles are way too weak and (sadly) in this case i mean anyways ignored
in this case i mean anyways)
- i need a drugs tech, use the grocer for this?

I want to buff these ressources:
- sheep: currently quite useless, make wool or something? Should be very valuable

I want to modify these terrains:
1) Snow/Ice: give bonus with christmas tech or build or ressource or civ

