If not covered in notes about tech design choices, here are some additional notes
to inform i mean about some game design choices i made:

- todo: trying to minimally change the game existing assets to have AI perform as best
as possible and not complicate what i don't want (i would prefer the game to be deeper
in other ways and settings by what is existing), it may also be enough/plentiful to mod
and make it deeper i mean. Not sure i'll stand by this promise about this game mod, for
now is how (it seems) i intend to do it (but again is not restrictive and is a todo comment).
- todo: in advciv (i don't know if same in bts) culture buildings give double culture at 1000
historical years. I may change this if i found how and i want to, for now leaving as is as is
functionnal and i'm still testing.
- todo: may change year count for turn number

- todo: renamed some buildings to more emphasize their historical origin when possible
and i want, for example "The Great LightHouse" is now "Lighthouse of Alexandria",
but is functionally the same building (that i may change the stats or/and effects
of or not)
- Renamed "Taoism" to "Daoism" (and all ingame main mentions) for convenience
and more intuitive of me to understand what it is, functionally is the same ingame.

- todo: complete military overhaul: terrain, etc
- units way more versatile or/and stick to their roles, for exemple archers not
defenders, melee units can be defenders, changed defense targets, unitai roles (may
need to try them more or tweak them to be as specific as possible, etc.
- todo: promotions are available to more unit types, melee have access to city garrison
now, archer type have city raider now also for example. I may have to up or reduce the
strength of the units as i rework them, may have to also tweak/rework some units if it
breaks them or something,
- todo: catapult disable suicide? If it is possible? But then make their defense weaker
or/and increase cost?
- todo: units are more versatile

- todo: increase revolt timer to 10 turns? A bit too convenient to change religion or
civic when they want, is aligned with peace treaty now so more decision considering
when to switch or not maybe, may also help the AI revolt less (pointlesly?/often)
if it does?

- while researching pagan religions i found this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prehistoric_religion ,
leads to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venus_of_Laussel , very good i think i mean anyways at least
in this case, i can reuse this for the snow tiles boost (great lighthouse in civ4 bts/advciv but
much stronger), bison new ressource i was considering to add (Also for snow terrain too?), also it's
available early and i like it overall, wanted to add joan d'arc for france so a female figure is cool
too of that, even though not same religion but may be fine at least in this case i mean anyways.
It's also connected to mining (with stone/quarry there too now in this case at least i mean anyways,
so very nice and connected in this case at least i mean anyways)

- space victory is disabled except for the USA if they build Appollo Programm, or for Russia if they
build the Soviet space program (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soviet_space_program), they can rival
each other and it's quite late in the game, also other civs can build it (or declare war or something
else to distrub it i mean anyways) and then game would go on, if still not finished
