disclaimer that this is not exhaustive would be way too long (even though
wouldn't mind but i need to code my mod indeed about this at least if i may
maybe i mean anyways, hope helps about this maybe i mean anyways)

- mongol army good at retreat:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Withdrawal_(military)#Feigned_retreat
so starts with more flanking or/and other related things etc

- babylon bowman more of an infantry and easier to replace
https://civilization.fandom.com/wiki/Bowman_(Civ5)

- quechua not specialized but good at big numbers so cheap for its strength
without much extras about this i mean anyways

- camel cavalry very common in history due to unit being very adaptable
so i want to make it a real alternative to horse for all civs, not just have horse or
lose (or build melee etc): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camel_cavalry plus also
for desert environments and maybe plains too but would need to check

- camel archer to all civs

- arabs special unit: assassin or similar

- ninja or monk martial artist (see ffh2 or similar mods, maybe link with meditation or other techs), civs china or other simiolar civs may fit the theme well

- could reuse some special warrior units maybe to have it more specialized: https://www.google.com/search?q=clubman+warrior
Mapuche Ironwood Clubman or Nootka Clubman or/and a civ i implemented

- make immortal of persia melee seems more accurate but did not look in detail only quick about this i mean anwyays at least

- clubman (warrior renamed for less generic name maybe i mean anyways about this i mean anyways) has quite high animal bonus so maybe give less to javelin or unit type i implement of stone age? Etc

- worker increases improvement speed at each era
- fast worker only for one era or 5 of them?

- greatly reduce unit upgrade cost but somehow prevent warrior stacking
mega upgrade? Faster paced game + chaning how it relates to production maybe
(not much cost difference between units eras but tech needed maybe for example etc,
but then would need adjust city growth of hammer so not sure about that but is
example of approach i mean anyways about that (example) at least i mean anyways)

- add lancer unit combat(? if i am not mistaken) type maybe: includes camel lancer

- change starting strengtgh to 10 but increase it more gradually? (more realistic?
But then warriros would eb cheaper so increase a bit their cost? But then barabarians
would be stronger so adjust their spawn rate? But is maybe bad design to limit it so
buff civs somehow too?)

- religion specific units: initially for the crusader as a variant of the swordsman i got
this idea i mean anyways but can extend it by having religion specific units throughout the
game, it could be thought of as special nits maybe interesting

- add modern jihadist for jihad (islam neo-religion)

- give bonus against other units or religions?
Jihadists of medieval bonus against medieval other relgiios? Etc

- add religious_swordsman, cannot be built but only as a class for
other religious units? But for what use? Etc, Not sure if worth about
this i eman anyways, at least maybe or not at least mayeb, but i mean
anyways i mean anyways

- mounted riding has changed its icon as a result to incude all or
more units animal types about this i mean anyways at least indeed
maybe but i mean anyways

- each civ starts with 2-3 miliary unuits at the very least then maybe,
and then early unuits can be more expensive  (and later ones cheaper)

- a clubman can win against a legionary not too unrealistic for example,
but not against a tank at all so adjusting that too

- change the mechanic that axeman is good against lances, it's ridiculous
i think but not sure as i don't know lot, create a melee_lance type and 
melee_axe type combat types i tihnk i mean anyways

- create subtypes too instead of mounted, no reason a pikeman is good against a
camel gunner at all so no longer mounted but instead mounted_sword moutned_gun
mounted_lance mounted_archer

- archers no good against lancers, because of shield?

- archers start with collateral damage 1? But low strength then?

- siege very weak in defense then against msot units

- mounted riding needs a new following tech as first horse archer was
much later (elephant and camel most liekly too but didnt check in detail
more, about this i mean anyways)

- all civs start with one worker at least some 2? , is about this i mean
anyways at least?

- paganist religious unit too

- and for buddhism monks maybe?

- add type melee_fist too for this

- need to add melee_assasin maybe? That woudl target most annoying units? Etc.
About this i mean anyways, etc. Maybe the courtesan too? Etc (150% attack against
all melee units (mounted too fast to see her maybe... i mean anyways about this
i mean anyways)but 90% less defense against all military units, can attack in stacks maybe)

- free starting worker may help ais a lot, realistic too

- starting with 3 military units also solves the problem of early barbarians,
AIs less vulnerable to them, maybe i could buff barbarians now even, and now
units can be more expensive too with more gradual diff, clubman could win
against swordsman much more often realistic too i think

- add melee_thief class maybe too?

- give flanking 2 or 3 to courtesan? make ehr a special unit too maybe, else would
be spammed and if used as a tactic troops would not fall for it or less can work
only once about this i mean maybe not indeed i mean anywys or i mean anyways

- ninja is the chinese (?? if historically accurate would need to check assasin?)

- create male and female assasin?

- merge assassin and thief to simplify design?

- longbows were available/existing even before bronze age, but to simplify,
start from bronze age, because a bit too unlikely (way too old) in the stone
age

- no horse archers after iron age due to (them being in) their decline according
to wikipedia in: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mounted_archery#Appearance_in_history

- oldest longswords were in the middle ages (/medieval era is the same thing if i am
not mistaken i mean anyways i mean anyways, thanks), according to:
- - https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/3fzfdt/in_europe_between_600ad_and_1600ad_were/?rdt=34816
- - https://artofswordmaking.com/gallery/earliest-longswords-
- - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longsword#History
I initially wanted to fill all the eras with all (compatible) types of weapons, especially
for swords, but after checking, this is more accurate maybe, maybe this helps simplifying
gameplay, there (it) starts to be (has) a bit too much units so if i could simplify that at
same time may be nice, especially if accurate (or more accurate), but a few more units are
nice though, not a guarantee i would check all about this at least i mean anyways, but checking
a few, is about this i mean anyways, at least i mean (is how should be maybe or not, about
this i mean anyways, thanks,) anyways, i mean anyways, thanks,
I also chose the skuld of ff2 rather the champion partly because it fits the other stronger
units i took from ffh2 such as the strongest axeman i chose for medieval era, i think the
art works well, on top of giving a good feel, so the/a slight alteration in look about this
i mean anyways as compared to the champion is fine about this i mean, anyways, i mean
anyways, thanks,

- oldest (or among oldest) curved swords existed in late bronze age (at least if i'm not
mistaken this (after the 2 brackets (and coma) i mean anyways, thanks,) sword was in bronze),
the khopesh for examples was such a sword according to:

https://swordis.com/blog/curved-blade-swords/#:~:text=The%20ancient%20Egyptian%20Khopesh%2C%20believed,influenced%20by%20the%20Sumerian%20Sickle.

(the dot is part of the url it seems i mean anyways, at least about this i mean anyways, thanks,)
So keeping the gladiator from c2c as the fast/light swordsman 2 (bronze), i really wanted to have
fast units in all eras so glad this can fit, may have found an other unit otherwise, about this i,
mean, at least, i mean anyways, i mean, anyways, i mean anyways, thanks,

- about this point it seems fast spears (+/- throw at least about this i mean, anyways, thanks,)
were still (quite abotu this at least i mean anyways, thanks, )
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spear-thrower#History) relevant in Renaissance in Spanish vs Aztecs
battle, due to it being able to penetrate blade mail (about this i mean anyways, at least, i mean,
anyways, thanks, ), even though not steel mail, but this is accurate enough to put them in the
medieval era too, like/as i said, if i can fulfill my promise, not that i am always able to or that
it is in my interest at least i mean anyways, about this at least, but anyways, as is or not,
anyways i mean, maybe, anyways, i really wanted/want to have fast units so if i can and it is
acurrate enough, i would like to. However, if cannot or it is not in my interest, or/and accurate
enough, at least about this i mean anyways or don't want about this at least i mean anyways, then
is how it is, even though this is mostly directed by circumstances and (bio) determinism
ultimately, i believe i have some choice here in what i make, which i like to, so fortunately
or unfortunately, sometimes this is how it has to be. I am not sure though, but maybe is, or
maybe not. In all cases, about this fast spearman, i am glad i could add it/keep it, i want
very cool effects and combat bonuses to it (low strength fast speed in particular among other(s)
things maybe i mean anyways, about this i mean anyways, at, least), but maybe as it is, and how
i chose it to, too maybe, but anyways, thanks,

- catapult was from iron age:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_siege_engines
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catapult
Around 7 BC(E) according to wikipedia about this at least i mean anywyas, thanks, i don't want
to complicate too much the support type of military or civilian units (partly because they don't
have too much of an influence about this at least i mean anyways in terms of gameplay), so i
would rather just keep one or a few. Still, this is a bit empty, maybe i will add some more, not
promised or guaranteed though, about this, at least if i may say, i mean anyways, as is or not,
but i mean anyways, i mean anyways, thanks,
It may also have an influence on the AI, so i would rather have the AI build the few core units
with some diversity, than be confused or build many of the more "useless" ones relatively in
terms of gameplay and gameplay win about this at least i mean anyways.
If it can help the human player or/and provide a more satisfying, easier to grasp/digest or/and
focus on experience, about this i mean, at least i mean, anyways, i mean, anyways, i mean anyways,
thanks, then all good i mean anyways, else is maybe as is, about this at least i mean anyways, or
not or etc i mean anyways, but maybe as is or not or etc, but anyways, i focus on this about this
at least i mean anyways, thanks, (sorry if this is a bit spammy i have a lot to say, maybe always
have, if i think about it, not that i dislike in fact the opposite, but sorry if this is a
disturbance, especially on this technical page, but i still have a lot to say, but i should
focus a bit, about this at least i mean anyways, as is or not but i mean anyways, is maybe as
is, but anyways, or not or yes, but in all cases i mean anyways, maybe, i mean anyways, thanks,
so maybe not sorry to say this but i do not want it to bother, still i don't want to hold back
on saying it, whatever that means, about this i mean anyways, but i focus, choose to, i mean
anywyas, thanks, )

- i want defense and defense units to be slightly more effective than offense, so defense units
would be available sligtly sooner, be slightly more effective, and it seems conveniently about
this i mean anyways, thanks , that they are slightly more too. In exchange, about this at least
i mean anwyays, thanks , they would cost slightly more, about this i mean anyways, thanks,
Maybe this would put more emphasis on strategy, also avoid human players spamming attackers
retardedly, if i may say, i mean, about this i mean anywyas, thanks , it may also help the AI
upgrade their units sooner, so human players would need to use a more effective strategy than
spamming attackers when AI defenders are relatively the weakest. About this i mean anywyas,
thanks. I may have to make sure defenders always get new units and upgrades, i could transform
the musketman as an offense unit and add a new defensive unit at same era, or some similar
approach and check if accurate too historically or leave as is about this i mean anyways at
least i mean anyways, thanks,
Example: more lancers, grenadier slightly before rifle (but would need to check if this is all
accurate or maybe would leave as is or not, but is about this i mean anyways, i mean, anyways,
i mean anwyays, thanks,)

- not sure the scout droid (scout/explorers upgrade) fits better in atomic/modern era or in
future era, but it would be a bit too ineffective in future era, however putting it at atomic/era
is a bit weird if next to ww2 fighters, maybe i can solve this by making it with a later tech
requirement that is still in modern era. Similar logic for all i mean anyways units in the
military upgrade tree i made about this i mean anyways, at least about this i mean anyways, thanks,

- after all giving more siege units to AIs especially. AI is very fond of these, at least about
the game i mean anyways, in civ4 BTS/base advciv in particular (in particular base advciv i mean
anyways, thanks, i mean anyways, thanks,). May help AI perform better and not keep catapults so
long until canons are available. May make gameplay more interesting if i may say about this i
mean anyways, about for human players about this i mean, anyways, i mean anyways, thanks. If so
all good, if not i would rather have the AI be more competitive, not in a grindy way, but just
making sure tech are always important, not just military, so the human player will need to pay
attention to this too i mean anyways about this i mean, anyways, at least or not but anyways,
but about this i mean anyways, and not just stack outdated attackers and then somehow win,
about this i mean anyways, thanks, at least i mean but anywyas, i mean anyways, as is or not
but about this i mean anyways and i focus i mean anyways, if i want or not or do or not but
anyways i mean anyways etc, i mean anyways, thanks,

- canons around 1200 AD:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_cannons
culverins around 1500 AD:
https://www.britannica.com/technology/culverin
Simplify by putting one in each era, about this i mean at least anyways, at least there are
more (siege) units in each era, about this i mean anyways, thanks,

- about siege not necessary in all eras to not overclutter gameplay but will see about this
i mean anyways, i mean, anyways, at least but is about this i mean anyways, thanks, i mean
anyways, thanks, but for later eras i would want more siege units, is about this i mean
anyways, is what i mean anyways, at least but is about this i mean, anyways, i mean
anyways, thanks,

- there were early catapults and medieval catapults, putting one of each type may help solve
this issue, i should really focus i think and feel i mean anywyas besides that, may be in my
best interest maybe, else is as is maybe or not or yes etc i mean anyways, thanks:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catapult#Other_ancient_catapults
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catapult#Medieval_catapults
Now catapults get stronger while also staying historically accurate, is about this i mean
anyways, i focus and think i should for my best interest as sad as it is i mean anyways
but maybe best or not or yes but maybe is what i should do i mean anyway, still sending
rather updating this doc i mean anyways as i want too about this doc and mod etc i mean
anyways, maybe i mean anyways, thanks,
Or maybe not, but rather at least maybe, i should really take care of myself. May also
cleanup the notes or code comments before merging this PR, may be a quite "good" point
as it is when i can see the diff and potentially refer to it later, not that it is most
important, but it may be a good time to do so. As for the rest, my priority should be
to take care of myself, or/and do what i want if i want to do or not or do or not i
mean anyways. Maybe this is what i need most at the moment, at least i maybe would want
or it should would help me maybe for this mod or/and other things.
Saying a disambiguous things, or rather a potentially misleading one, if someone even
reads this i mean anyways, may not be in my best interest or what i find to best suit
myself or/and what i want to do.
If intent was or were not to be intentional, but how could it, still, i should focus
most on myself. I want to be able to understand others and their perspective, if
someone even reads this i mean anyways, however i may simply not have the capacity,
mental and such to do so, at least not alone, not that i can't, but rather maybe that
it would not be healthy, indeed, maybe, in this other case maybe, for me, to do so i
mean anyways.
So for now, is maybe still ambiguous, i should focus on myself i mean anyways.
It may not be healthy for me to do otherwise, but this is also something i wish or
rather maybe choose to do, maybe, to not say it is out of my control/will whatever
that means, or simply rather maybe to acknowledge it as a part of my action(s) and
choice(s).
As can be seen from what i read, i may not have a great capacity at understanding
what displeases me, but no this is false, more like what is unbearable for me.
But the opposite is also true that what is bearable is very bearable for me, maybe.
I am maybe this/that "type" of person, not to reduce myself to a specific role, but
i like that part of me (that is that type of person among other possible things or
not i mean anywyas, but even saying it like that is reductionist i mean anyways
which may not suit me most but is also not false i mean anyways).
I am glad i could share that part of my feelings/thoughts that seem to want to battle
with me always, but maybe i could make some sense of them by putting them on the table
whatever that means, speaking of ( = about) me (i mean anyways.. about me i mean anyways
really i mean anyways), and reaching some sort of a conclusion, if a temporary one, in a
non ambiguous way that may be mislead consicously or not of me to say it like this i mean
anyways if i may say, forgot the sentence in this case indeed too maybe i mean anyways..
But.. forgot my sentence again as i was adding a smal brackets (" () " if i am not mistaken
that these are brackets i mean anyways in english i mean anyways) note i mean anyways
But it's been weighing on me all that while, more or less at some times, but i also cannot
not consider what is best for me and my mental wellbeing. But denying the perspective of
others is also not something that is optimal or desirable for me. I should still put myself
first though, i think, so how to solve this? Maybe just stating this helps. I should clean
it up among other things before merging this PR. For now, as in as i currently see it, and
not as in maybe later it will change, no as i think and see things currently, now and in
the future it may be best for me to not follow-up on such feelings i have. Still, not
rejecting them either. It may sound entitled or arrogant, but what i mean is that while
these are proof of my experiences and uniqueness of person i am biologically or whatever
that means i mean anyways, and of the realness of what i felt, still, maybe it is not in
my best interest, and maybe also of others. It is logical thinking of it, how can something
that is not in my best interest make me produce/do things that are in the best interest
of others all the while while being also in my best interest. If such an end cannot be met
one or both would suffer in an exchange.
What i mean more simply, is that, to be "fair" with myself if i may quote even though
intention may not be the same in this case maybe or not i mean anyways, forgot sentence
but i need to take care of my best interests and not do things that will or would or
may degrade my mental healthy long or short or any term.
At least i would want to and should i think, maybe is also who i am but anyways.
I should use this creativity for my mod or to rest, but these thoughts are always
on my mind, and always were since i had them.
Still, after confessing this, i should still state, to be fair i mean anyways, that
currently, as in as i am today, my current view is that i don't think it can be good
for me, now or in the future, to act on these.
For now, i will focus on myself, i want to do this mod very much.
Or rest or do other things, and protect myself from what can hurt me, not necessarily
out of fear, nor anger, but self preservation, directly of my energy and mental well
being, indirectly from others, maybe, that have the potential to hurt me. Those who
don't i lose on, but those who may is better to protect from.
I may reevaluate this as i advance, but i cannot deny the past experiences that
happened regardless of how long time has passed. Because of this, it is maybe simply
impossible to concile this now. But such is the case, maybe it always was, and i just
didn't know. If not, it may simply be very unfortunate. But some actions do have
irreversible consequences, on how others view us for example. I do think in my case
it is more of the former, that it just had to happen this way, but if in another
parallel universe a different set of circumstances + i mean a different time of
meeting one another and understanding each other may have produced a different
outcome, i find that quite likely, especially if more time to understand one
another may have occured, and some time to clear issues or misunderstandings
or real differences without troubling events in between happen.
Still, i mostly think that in this case it had to happen this way.
But if so, why does it still torment, if i may quote without quotation marks anyways,
myself and past experiences i mean anyways. I don't know if someone is even reading
this, but i'd rather make bets, or/and take it out of my mind. Forgot the question
mark in previous sentence but i was quite relaxed as i was evaluating this i mean,
not to sound arrogant, but anyways.
I also belive, at least think/hope, that this is me giving back (some of) the
generosity i received, even though i have/had no obligation to. I did try to
participate too, but my interests and position were different. Maybe i should
value more what i received these times and all these times.
But still, as for the present, i find that hard to reconcile these. Not
impossible maybe, but i am not sure it is healty for me, at least now.
As for the future, who knows, but saying so may be misleading, myself
or those reading.
In short, it should be assume unless said otherwise that this is my final view
or the one i think to suit me most now and in the future, i mean anyways..
But as i change always and am/be creative and such which i like, and which others
may be or not (by the way if not out of position of me to say this, since starting
this mod i noticed my creativity that made me always hesitate and brew with ideas
that i thought of a weakness is a strength now, i have nonstop tons of ideas, i
very much like that part of myself, and also that part in others, to be fair, that
also share, plus the enthusiasm to act on it or to entertain the thoughts too, even
in the mind if i may say, but anyways, is not a promise that i would always be so or
not, and so i don't want to burden myself on this, but it does seem i am this way,
which i like i mean but anywyas)
These are my honest thoughts that i once again convyed.
I should have said this first but this speaks of my most recent experiences that
last for a quite long while, not the previous one before which i had about none,
but i hope that anyone reading this may find "content" rather comfort or something
maybe, still i should not be so generous, as some other may have said or highlighted
indeed i mean anyways, in sharing these precious things of me, so sharing them
just here, and not to bother, respect my place not that i care much, but mostly
do what's best for me, maybe for others.
Probably no one is reading this, but maybe some are or is i mean anyways.
I should delete this and similar or other type of notes comments, even though
they are great i think before merging (i think quite proudly and enthusiastically..
but anyways...) this, is maybe a good time for this too.
These are my honest thoughts as i may have said once or in several times in the past
and experiences.
Tying to move on or acknowledging that i may be heading towards that may be what's best
for me, but i am not sure i want to do that and that it really is.
Life is short indeed, grudges are precious.
In all cases, i hope this is clear enough and not misleading enough, as to
whom this is addressed, my most recent experience, a few years ago, thazt lasted
some years, and to what i think of it, that i think dearly or maybe rather strongly
about these, but that i am simply not sure i can follow such feelings without
being unfair as in hurting the other person if i were to indulge on these thoughts
/feelings.
Is this what this person meant? Still, it was handled quite poorly, but the effort
was made, and this is great.
I am still impacted by these today, what does it mean? Most likely will continue for
quite some long while.
Maybe this is all more normal than i think, but i would like to think not, i don't
think others feel as strongly or long. Others may object, but based on how strongly
i feel about minor everyday life, even though i am coding or doing things here or not
but anywyas, i would like to think most are not as sensitive, maybe. Or they all hide
it well, but i find that less likely. I like this (hyper) sensitive part of me, but i
don't want to sound elitist, still i am maybe bit self centered, but/and i also like
that part of me, but anyways.*
I try to do what i like when i like, and i like those who act in a similar manner,
especially and often as they are anticonformist, or such, i have found myself always
or often to be so. The rules don't always sense, others simply don't question them,
for reasons their own or not their own, but anyways.
I prefer to choose this route, but i should not act too produly, everyday is a struggle,
but i also hope and like to do what i want, especially new things, but also old ones.
On that note, i may also say directly, i am probably autistic, i found this about
myself recently, it is not sure or official, but quite likely. Apparently, the
signs are different in (some) women, and there is a spectrum, so it is quite likely
the persons i was attracted to or gravitated towards were to some extent this. Or
some other characteristics i liked or appreciated (lacked as in wanted? But anyways.
Not lacked as in didn't like not having, but anyways)
I hope this honest and clear, and exhaustive, but probably not, i could speak for hurs more
if not days, but i also like that part of myself.. but anywyas back to codnig or other things
i really like this and that part of my life, even though other parts may be lacking, to some
at least, it is to some extent relative, but i better not start to needlessly depress myself,
still i am sure if not arrogant or rather entitled of me to say, others have such or similar
(type of) inner dialogue. I like and can related to such persons.
Sadly, i don't know if i can erase or forget the past that hurt me. It is maybe petty, but
necessary. As i said i don't know. It is maybe best to assume that i can't erase or forget
it, preventing further hurts or disappointments, but it is not for me to decide what is best
to assume, i simply again state clearly that currently i think that now and in infinite
future, it is not good as in in my interest to act further on these thoughts, still they
are very dear to me, at least currently these thought are very dear to me, and also to 
be extra clear currently i think it is not in my interest now and in infinite future
(maybe not when i die then assemble my dust of death or soemthing but better not think
about such a topci thta may affect others especially aroudn me and depress me but i said
something needless, it didn't recently do and i have no news of such around me, but it
can happen anytime and then affect, i should protect myself and focus on me, while
uderstanding each day is a unique chance that only belongs to me, and others may do
same or not as they want, but so be it, maybe, as i said, anywyas, thanks for reading or not,
but most likely no one is, but if not i don't need a confirmation, i am not checking to,
i am doing this mostly for myself, all good if it helps or is pleasant for others, not doing
more as it may hurt me, but glad i did this, will delete (all this block of text (while
still thinking it if i do (meaning even after i delete, it does not mean suddenly and
magically i will stop thinking this way, but it is also not a constraint on myself
to force myself to thnk this, i will think whatever i want or feel if i want or not,
but it is to clarify all that currently i think now and in infitie future it may stay
like this, but i never know, not in a misleading way, but more liek whatever happens
to me whatever, but is not indicatnig any promise, may be even less likely for example,
or maybe not, but again best to assume not, thanks for reading, thanks, all good if helps
makes me happy maybe, but better hodl back on it, i may become bitter, focus on myself,
saying this later, glad i shared but delete later, i delete later i mean others are free,
not saying this in coercive way, and i am not lookign again, at least not intentionally,
thanks,))))

that being said, i mean i wanted to say this before continuing:

- why does cavalry evolve in gunship??? I didn't know this!!! Not played much if at all
games so late in the stage/era i mean anyways, of course i have to remove this, it is
completely nonsensical i think, will try to find better link in upgrade else do none.